 Don't you have a national debt support excavation survey? The national debt support excavation survey business will relieve your burden. I will protect the national heritage. Is there anything for me? Look for it well. Our house is delicious. You don't have to guess me at home. From now on, the house will be your guess. A new home that resembles me and contains me. Let's go eat ramen. I want spicy Jin Ramen. I want Jin Ramen. I want Jin Ramen. I want Jin Ramen too. I want Jin Ramen too. Jin Ramen is spicy, right? It's spicy, but it's really good. It's really good. Otsugi Jin Ramen. Otsugi. Look at him smiling. Happy birthday. The gift is a butterfly. Why isn't it coming out? It's hot. It's hot. Why does it keep changing when it's hot? It's been 10 years. I'll use it. What is it? Try this. This is a big hit these days. What is this? Isn't this dangerous? I've never lost while doing this. Dopamine is a big hit. It's too big. Just put it on. It's just a game. It's a game? Then should I just put it on? Stop. Dopamine is not a game. It's not a game or a game. It's a clear game. Cold and cold talk. What are you doing? Green in the nose. Ketchy and blue. Red in the nose. It's different depending on the symptoms. Call Daewon. Even at night? To match my financial plan, I'm looking for a good car right away. A life with a plan. A leisurely life. KB Cha Cha Cha. Hello, everyone. Sado Gwangsan Chudo Sik prepared by the Japanese government is open today as planned, with our government and the family in a bad state. At the Chudo Sik site, we couldn't even find the word Chosunin, and the Japanese government representative, who was controversial about Yasukuni Shinsa, attended the Chudo Sik, but there was no content to reflect on forced labor. Hyeon Young-joon from Sado Gwangsan report. Today afternoon, Sado Gwangsan Chudo Sik was held at the Aikawa Development Joint Center in Sado Island, Niigata Prefecture. The word Chudo Sik was not included in the Chudo Sik and the Japanese government said that it was an event where all the workers working in Gwangsan were Chudo. Because our government declared a full-fledged disaster a day before the event, half of the seats were empty, and half of the seats were Chudo Sik. Ikuina Akiko, who represented the Japanese government, also mentioned the harsh labor environment of Chudo workers and Chosunin workers. However, the mention of forced labor did not have any content to reflect on. This Chudo Sik was an event where the Korean government, which was the second country at the time of the World Heritage of Sado Gwangsan, promised to hold every year that the Japanese side would sacrifice the Chosunin. However, following the Chudo Sik controversy, Yasukuni Shinsa Chambae was known by the Japanese government representative Ikuina, and criticism was raised in Korea. After the event, the Japanese government avoided the reporters and left through the back door. However, Yasukuni Shinsa Chambae did not reveal his position until the end of the controversy. The Japanese government said that the Korean-Japanese government had continued sincere communication between the Korean-Japanese government through the statement of the Japanese ambassador. It said that if the Korean side interfered, it would be suspicious. This is Hyun Young-joon from MBC News. The Korean government will hold the Chudo Sik tomorrow with the Japanese. Although the Japanese government expressed their dissatisfaction with the Korean side, the Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not make any statements. There is criticism of the Korean side. This is Jang Yu-jin. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the Korean government will hold the Chudo Sik tomorrow morning at the Chosun dormitory near Sado Gwangsan. The Chudo Sik was held by nine Korean families and Korean ambassador Park Chul-hee. There are no Japanese participants. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will hold the Chudo Sik for the participants of the event. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will not compromise with the Japanese side on past events. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has continued to work on the development of the relationship between Korea and Japan. However, the reason why the Korean government agreed to hold the Chudo Sik at Sado Gwangsan is because it said that Japan will hold the Chudo Sik every year. There is criticism of the Korean government on why it agreed to hold the Chudo Sik at Sado Gwangsan and why it did not. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has not made a statement on the Chudo Sik for the participants of the event in the past year. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has said that the Korean government is just saying that it is not going to compromise with the Japanese side on past events. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has also criticized the Korean government for being too arrogant and ungrateful. The Korean government has not made a statement on the Chudo Sik at Sado Gwangsan. This is Jang Hyo-jin from MBC News. This time, we will connect the Sado Island with the Japanese side. As promised, the Chudo Sik should have been held at Sado Gwangsan for the participants of the event in the past year. Today's event was the Chudo Sik at Sado Gwangsan for the Japanese side. The Chudo Sik started at 1 p.m. and ended in an hour. At first, more than 100 people could attend but half of the seats were empty so the atmosphere at Sado Gwangsan was tense. During today's event there was a time for all workers at Sado Gwangsan. The Korean government suggested that the Chudo Sik should be held at the Chudo Sik for the victims but the Japanese side did not agree. What do you think? NHK and other Japanese media are focusing on the news of the Chudo Sik. In particular, some media reported that the Japanese government did not participate in the Yasukuni Shinsa Chanbei strategy and that the government should be responsible for the Chudo Sik. In addition, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported the Shinsa Chanbei and suggested that the Korean-Japanese side should be responsible for the Chudo Sik. In particular, the Korean-Japanese side should be responsible for the Chudo Sik and suggested that the Korean-Japanese side should be responsible for the Chudo Sik. In addition, the Democratic Party revealed the note in the report of the Korean-Japanese side to the State Council of Korea and the State Council of Korea and the State Council of Korea and the State Council of Korea and the State Council of Korea I'm Kim Ji-yoon One day before the government announced the termination of the Resolution of Parliament on Feb. 8, 2012 Ye- bring sentencing made to Myeong Taegyun and Reagan adjusting the study system for the Seoul-Seokchogap route This is Yيل Ye- When it becomes a problem later, the executive will ask for the security number of the party, and Mr. Myung answers in a way that he does not worry. You can make it later. If it becomes a problem, you can tell your husband to use it. It's money. Even though he was concerned about free research, Mr. Myung said he would take care of it himself. If you see the money coming in and out after the problem occurs, you can see the money coming in and out of the account as soon as the report goes over. I'll do that for you. After receiving a phone call from Mr. Myung that it would be a problem from the party, he did not give up on the research that had already been carried out. Did you change the party and return the research? If it becomes a problem later, all you have to do is clean up what you don't know. The Democratic Party claimed that Mr. Myung was suspected of throwing out illegal research by handing over the party's name from Mr. Cho. Mr. Cho voted for more than half of the five candidates in the campaign at the time, and received a contribution without a draw. The report that Mr. Myung mentioned about Cho Eun-hee has recently been released. Cho Eun-hee called me earlier. Cho Eun-hee made it for me, and Kim Young-sun made it, so Mr. Myung is now the emperor of Yeongnam. It was given to me by the four presidents. Mr. Myung said it was a vain novel, and it was true that Mr. Myung suggested the ARS, but he denied it because there was no interest in the investigation. This is Kim Ji-in from MBC News. The investigation is expanding as a party politician at the Sangwon District Prosecutor's Office. In 2021, Oh Se-yoon's acquaintance and supporter of Geo Ae-gye recognized the fact that Mr. Myung spent 33 million won on the research cost of the Seoul market in 2021. However, this candidate explained that this supporter did not know about the Oh market. Reporter Kim Sang-hoon reported. This is the account details that Kang Hye-kyung, who worked at the Future Korea Research Institute, revealed. Kim Mo, who has been known as Oh Se-yoon's long supporter of the Seoul market, spent 33 million won five times in the Seoul market election process in 2021. It was said to have been the cost of non-published research on the Oh market. Mr. Kim acknowledged the fact that he spent the research cost of MBC. However, the candidate camp did not know about this and claimed that it was personally costed. I'm a member of the People's Party of Korea, and I like Oh Se-yoon, and I helped him. Do you know Oh Se-yoon? I don't know. Mr. Myung said this. I can make the station rich. I heard that I'm good at that. Mr. Kim said that Mr. Myung reported the results of the research results to Kim Jong-in's vice president at the time. Kim Jong-in's former chairman recently confirmed to his secretary that Mr. Myung sent a survey result to the secretary's email and that the secretary had given it to him. However, it was said to have been a meaningless survey without any influence on the campaign. Mr. Oh said that in February 2021, Mr. Myung showed one of the survey results with Kim Young-sun's former congressman, but he sent it back and said that he didn't communicate and that he didn't even know about the money trade. The Korea Research Institute of the Future has conducted 13 unannounced research on Oh's market. The research conducted with Kim's money was also reported to Kim Jong-in, who was leading the power of the people at the time. If Mr. Kim found out about the fact that Mr. Oh paid for the research, it could be a violation of the Politburo Act. The prosecution will call Kang Hye-kyung again tomorrow to conduct additional investigations, and the investigation will be extended to Kim Jong-un and Oh's market. This is MBC News' Kim Sang-hoon. It is known that President Yun Sung-ryul and Mrs. Kim Geon-hee have suspended the use of personal cell phones and re-opened new cell phones. President Yun said at a press conference on the 7th that he and his wife should have changed their cell phones, saying that he would take measures so that the people would not have to worry. The president's office officials said that there would be changes in the communication system, and he explained that they would understand it at that level. Lee Jae-myeong, the representative of the Democratic Party, is coming out tomorrow for a one-time election for the threat of the U.S. He was convicted in the one-time election for the violation of the election law, and if this time the arrest is confirmed, the next presidential election will be opaque. This is a report by Yoo Seo-young. Lee Jae-myeong, the representative of the Democratic Party, said that he was accused of falsely accusing the KBS PD of falsely accusing the KBS during the 2018 Gyeonggi-do Governor's election. The prosecutor said it was a false charge and that it was a violation of the election law, but the Supreme Court declared him innocent. Last year, the prosecutor brought this case up again. Lee Jae-myeong, the representative of the Democratic Party, asked the former mayor of Seongnam-gu, Kim Mo, for a record file. Mr. Kim admitted that he falsely accused Lee Jae-myeong during the prosecution and trial process. On the other hand, Lee Jae-myeong asked him to talk as he was, but he said that he had never asked for a false testimony. He said that the prosecution had deliberately excluded the part that the prosecution was unfaithful of. The prosecutor said that he had repeated the false charge and that he had been sentenced to 3 years in prison. According to the law, he is the maximum sentence for false charges. Even if it is more than a prison sentence, he cannot lose his position of attorney and go to the presidential election. Lee Jae-myeong was sentenced to 1 year in prison for violation of the election law on the 15th. He was also sentenced to 2 years in prison for defamation and $8 million in return for the double-edged sword in the development corruption case in Daejang-dong. The prosecutor also handed Lee Jae-myeong over to the court again as a charge of using a public card during the Gyeonggi-do case last week. The court expected many citizens to be gathered, and the security was strengthened. The court decided to close part of the entrance and limit the entrance of ordinary cars to the front to increase security. This is MBC News' Yoo Sang-hee. In the name of Han Dong-woon's family, a post that criticizes President Yoon Sung-ryul has been posted. There is a conflict of interest in the name of the National Assembly. The National Assembly conducted a thorough investigation of the post, and the post that became a problem was extremely part of the defense. Shin Yoon-gye is continuing to press on how long he will endure. This is a report from Kim Min-young. The National Assembly conducted a thorough investigation of the post, which became a problem. Among the 161 posts of the author named Han Dong-woon, there were 12 posts that could be a problem, and even those were of the same name. The rest came up in the name of the family, such as the owner, the daughter, the father-in-law, and the mother-in-law. It was concluded that there was no illegal possession, including articles, personal stories, or a simple political expression that encouraged the president. Shin Han-gye immediately defended that it was extremely part of the problem, and claimed that the initial public opinion debate itself was to kill Han Dong-woon. However, Shin Yoon-gye continued to press on how much he should have the position of President Han Dong-woon himself. The former Chairman of the House of Representatives, Jang Hae-chan, said that unlike when he criticizes others, he cannot confirm his family's problem unless it is illegal. He emphasized that it would be faster to confirm it to his family during the pre-investigation time, because he was worried that he would be called one step ahead of Run Dong-hoon. Kim Eun-hye, who was a former head of the presidential office, also said that she saw the report of the party's pre-investigation results and said that it was getting further, so she increased the pressure level to see if her family wrote it or not. One of the representatives who are still silent said that he would try to attack me even if he said no to his recent surroundings. Shin Han Dong-woon's friends asked MBC if it was right to break down the party's monologue ahead of the election of Lee Jae-myeong. MBC News. This is Kim Min-young. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine is getting worse and worse. President Zelenskyy said that he was confident that he would end the war next year, but he said that he was waiting for a suggestion related to the end of the war from the Trump presidential election. Kim Min-chan, a reporter from Berlin, reports. One light falls to the ground with the explosion, and the seashore is sparkling. This is a video posted on social media, saying that it was a missile explosion that fell in the Russian Kursk region last night. Ukrainian local media reported that 500 North Korean soldiers were killed in the Kursk region on the 20th, but the possibility of it being true is low. Rather, the Kursk region is ahead of Russia. The foreign media reported that Russia has already recovered nearly 40% of the Kursk region. President Zelenskyy said that he was confident that he would end the war next year, but he said that he was waiting for a suggestion related to the end of the war from the Trump presidential election. Putin also said that President Putin is willing to discuss the end of the war with the Trump presidential election. However, Russia is betting on the condition that it will give up NATO and maintain the current front line, which is difficult for Ukraine to accept. Russia, Ukraine, and the United States are all saying that the war should end next year. However, the conditions of the end of the war are different for each country, so the final agreement is expected to be a difficult process. This is MBC News Kim Min-chan from Berlin. The criticism is getting bigger by saying that the president of the Workers' Party of Korea wants to pass on his position and say that he does not want to accept it as his daughter-in-law. The school and students of the Dongdeok Women's University have agreed to stop the discussion on the transfer of male and female engineering, but there is still a conflict over whether to take responsibility for the LK-7 protests and even the political rights. Reporter Cha Hyun-jin reports. Lee Woo-young, the chairman of the Korea Industrial Workers' Party, wrote on his SNS on the 16th. He wrote that he would like to pass on his position to his daughter-in-law, a daughter-in-law from the University of Seoul, who represents the Dongdeok Women's University. He said that his daughter-in-law, a daughter-in-law from the University of Seoul, would never accept it. When the controversy grew, the article was deleted. Lee Woo-young, the chairman, said that he thought that there was something that was not appropriate because his regret was in front of him. However, the criticism continued that a public institution responsible for the employment of an open body should stand in the front to control discrimination and hatred. The University of Dongdeok Women's University and the Student Party have agreed to stop the discussion on the transfer of male and female engineering and resume classes, but there is still a conflict over whether to take responsibility for the LK-7 protests and even the political rights. The school authorities are considering the legal response by adding a total of 5.4 billion won to the cost of building maintenance and cleaning due to the damage caused by the LK-7 protests. Han Do-geun, the president of the National Assembly of Korea, said that violence cannot be tolerated in any case, and that the leaders of the violence situation should take responsibility for the damage to the assets. On the other hand, the Student Union does not solve fundamental problems in schools and oppresses students. In the situation where there is a point that there is a conflict outside the school, such as political rights, the University of Dongdeok Women's University and the Student Party will meet again tomorrow to discuss the compensation for the damage and the removal of the main building. MBC News, I'm Cha Hyun-jin. Trump's second term of office will be completed as a candidate for the president of the National Assembly of Korea. The candidates are also very loyal, but they have a lot of experience in TV. There is a criticism that it is a TV reality show. Kim Jae-woong from Washington reports. Linda McMahon, who established a pro wrestling entertainment company with her husband, was the vice president of a small and medium-sized company in the Trump Diary, and this time she became a candidate for the president of the National Assembly of Korea. Trump appeared in WrestleMania, the biggest pro-wrestling event in 2007, and their relationship is very close. He said he was a major education member, but the American public's evaluation is close to an entertainer. Among the candidates, this kind of bowing is commonplace. Pete Hegeseth, a former national defense minister with a desire for sexual assault, is the main experience of a Fox News host. He has been very loyal to the president, and obviously a regular on Fox News, and I think those are the types of qualifications that President Trump is looking for. Pam Bondi, who was once a Fox News host, followed by Matt Gaetz, who was accused of sexual assault, is also well known as a TV regular or host. He is a very strong person, and he is a TV expert, so he even says he is a real TV show star. CNN reported that Trump monitored cable TV closely to select the vice president's candidates, and the important thing was how well he did on TV. Trump himself said he became a TV star, but while focusing on loyalty and appearance, there is a fear that a second romantic could come out. In fact, there are 12 middle-class returnees out of the main candidates over the past 30 years, and there were the four most in the first-term Trump era. This is MBC News' Kim Jae-woong from Washington. There are more and more symptoms of extreme heat and stormy weather. To prepare for extreme weather, the Ministry of Meteorology has launched a weather observation line called the Sea of the Sea and began to utilize AI artificial intelligence technology. Reporter Lee Seung-ji talked about it. A large white balloon flies over the sky as the container box opens. At the end of the balloon, there is a zone sensor for weather observation. If you hang this observation sensor on a balloon, you can measure information such as air pressure or humidity at a height of 30 km. Korea's only weather observation line, weather No. 1 Following the Hanbando mountain air observation, this time, a circular type of instrument is lowered under the sea. We collect essential data to analyze the influence of the weather from the wind and weather forecast to measure the humidity and temperature of the seawater. It is important to observe the forecast first. In particular, the data in the sea is extremely limited, so even if one data is included, it can be said that the quality and quality can be formed very high. AI technology is also being introduced in recent weather forecasts. This November, four typhoons occurred at the same time in about 70 years after 1951. AI quickly finds the center of the typhoon and helps to figure out the size or path. It is often ambiguous whether this is correct or not even if you analyze it for about an hour. It takes the center of the typhoon in four minutes and throws it to the weather forecasters. Based on the past water pattern, AI services are also developing and running tests to predict the amount of water per hour quickly. The purpose of the weather forecast is to ensure that the weather forecasters can focus on analyzing the weather phenomenon, which is large in uncertainty due to climate change. These days, the extreme weather phenomenon, which is unprecedented due to the climate crisis, has become more important than ever. MBC News, Lee Seung-ji. In a moment, the detective straight, which will be broadcast next to the news desk, will point out the controversy against Lee Jae-myeong, the representative of the Democratic Party, and the violation of the election law. Also, the death of a 4-year-old special professor who worked in an elementary school in Incheon revealed the reality of the special education scene. It is a sports news on Sunday night. Ahn Se-young, the representative of the badminton team, won the first gold medal at the Paris Olympics. Ahn Se-young finished the game in 38 minutes without allowing a single lead. Park Jae-woong reports. Ahn Se-young, the final match against China's Kaohsiung, ranked 28th in the world, showed off his skills. He didn't give a single lead to the first set, and he easily got 9 points. The second set was even more overwhelming. After pushing the Kaohsiung to 19-6, he finished the game with a 13-point difference. Ahn Se-young, who finished the game with a 2-0 win in 38 minutes, enjoyed the joy of victory as much as he could. Ahn Se-young, who finished the game with a 2-0 win in 38 minutes, enjoyed the joy of victory as much as he could. Last month, he showed a different scene from the opening of Denmark, which seemed to be an uncomfortable relationship with coaching staff. And he even gave a surprise Chinese speech to Chinese fans who had a competition. Thank you. I love you. I'm so happy to be able to win another gold medal after the Olympics. After the gold medal at the Paris Olympics, Ahn Se-young, who showed off his skills as he climbed to the top of the international competition for the first time, will return to Korea tomorrow evening. This is MBC News' Park Ji-woong. In the K-League 2 Playoffs, E-Land, Seoul, made it to the semifinals for the first time in 10 years. Jeon Nam, who didn't miss the mistake of the E-Land goalkeeper and scored the first goal. After 27 minutes, Yoon Jae-seok pulled out the extra goal and put the victory in front of his eyes. In just two minutes, Kim Shin-jin, the E-Land goalkeeper, put in his own goal and set it on fire. And in the second half, Baek Ji-woong connects the corner kick with his head to balance it. In the end, the game was a 2-2 tie. The 3rd E-Land, which can only be compared, makes its way to the semifinals playoff for the first time in 10 years. E-Land is going to have a match of fate with all of the 12 K-League 1 players. In the World Rally Championship, which is the 3rd biggest motor sports competition in the world, Hyundai's car, Nubil, won the first driver's category in the history of the team. It was Sports News on Sunday night. In the last week of November, you have to make your debut in the weather like this winter forecast. It will be raining and snowing all over the country, and the cold wind will get stronger. First of all, the rain will start with Seohaean and Honam, and the sand will fall all over Seoul. In particular, it is expected that the wind will be concentrated on the southern coast and Jirisan, In particular, it is expected that the wind will be concentrated on the southern coast and Jirisan, as well as at least 100mm above the Jeju mountain range. The temperature is expected to be 15 degrees in the daytime until tomorrow. From the afternoon of the day after tomorrow, the cold air will remain, and Seoul will be 1 degree on Wednesday morning, and Yeong-A will be 1 degree on Thursday morning. The warm weather will be reflected in the clouds tomorrow afternoon. From the night, the rain and wind will fall from the south coast to the south coast, starting with Jeju. If you look at the morning temperature tomorrow, Seoul will be 4 degrees, and Daegu will be 3 degrees, so it will be similar or higher than today. The daytime temperature will rise to 15 degrees in Seoul, 17 degrees in Daejeon, and 18 degrees in Busan. Most of the rain will stop on Tuesday night, but there is a possibility that the first snow will fall everywhere in Seoul on Wednesday. In the second half of the week, Seoul's morning temperature will drop to 0.5 degrees, and it will be as cold as mid-December. It was the weather. This is the end of Sunday News Desk. Thank you for being with us. Even if the wind blows, even if it snows, make it lighter, make it warmer. Feel love, flow down. This is how you know that love is real, when it expects nothing in return, yet makes you yearn to give it back. When it needs a mark on your soul, that you'll take everywhere you go. Because when it's love, you feel it. The skin of health and skin. The start is a routine. My first skin habit. Beauty routine in the winter. If I see your name now, it's because you're Korean. The joy of Korea gathers and makes a new star among the seven stars. I'll send you straight after a while. The first star The court still has two more rounds of the real thing. Even if the court decides, it's all going to be interpreted and separated. I'm so sorry that I couldn't protect you. I guess you're a teacher. No, I'm not. I'm the same teacher. Centrum researches the health of life. A scientific design that fits the life cycle according to gender and age. Gundam? Let's get it right with one pack. Centrum One Day Pack. You feel it. I'm taking care of my gums. I like the feeling of holding it tight from the inside of my gums. I like it. I made a good choice because my gums are comfortable. Gums, Swiss food mocha. Gums are the best. On the 15th, Lee Jae-myeong, the representative of the Democratic People's Party of the Republic of Korea, There has been a one-sided election on the violation of the Public Election Act. Two years and two months later, the conclusion was that it was a one-year meeting. This scene today will also be a scene in the modern history of Korea. There are still two more times left in the law of reality, and the laws of history and democracy are eternal. Isn't it a lot? Lee Jae-myeong really needs to reflect on himself today. I don't believe it. I think it's a ridiculous result because I think the distrust is getting bigger. And tomorrow, another trial result comes out. Hello, this is Lee Hee-joon. The one-sided judgment of Lee Jae-myeong, the representative of the Democratic People's Party of the Republic of Korea, is causing a huge wave. Reporter Lim Sung-jae is here. Like the citizens who gathered in front of the court on the day of the election, the woman's position was clearly mixed. The Democratic Party responded that it was a political judgment that responded to the silence killing. The National Assembly of Korea said that the Ministry of Justice made a solid judgment. To find out the context of this judgment, I think we should first look at the content of the case. Yes, I took a close look at the 130-page volume of the judgment. September 2022, six months after the 20th presidential election. The prosecutor sued the representative of the Democratic People's Party of Korea, Lee Jae-myeong, who met with President Yoon Sung-ryul at the presidential election. It was a day before the end of the election law. It was a big lie about the issue that was disputed during the presidential election. It was a speech about Kim Moon-ki, who was in charge of the development of Daejang-dong. It was a speech about the process of changing the purpose of Baekhyun-dong. On December 21, 2021, three months before the presidential election. Kim Moon-ki, the founder of Seongnam City Development Corporation, has lost his life. At the time, the prosecutor was focussing on the Daejang-dong development special commission. He was investigating, and Kim was investigated four times as a reference. On the next day, Lee Jae-myeong, who appeared on a program, asked if he knew Kim Moon-ki personally. The National Assembly immediately revealed the photo taken by Lee Jae-myeong and Kim. The statement that he didn't know Kim was a lie. This is the photo of Lee Jae-myeong when he went on a business trip to Australia and New Zealand on a 10-day schedule in 2015, when he was in Seongnam. The Yeo party claimed that the two people played golf together, and Lee Jae-myeong said that the photo was fake. It was a picture taken by 11 people at a different tourist destination, not a golf course. It was a picture taken by four people, as if they were playing golf together. I checked it, and it was taken out of a group photo of all of us, and showed it like this. It's fabricated. What was the judge's judgment? I think it's innocent that Lee Jae-myeong said he didn't know Kim Moon-ki. The prosecutor claimed that the statement that he didn't know Kim was a false statement that he denied the action of going on a business trip together and that he acted as if he didn't recognize Kim's existence. But the court said that Lee Jae-myeong claimed that Kim was a subordinate employee and that he didn't deny any specific actions, such as acknowledging overseas business trips. But the statement related to the photo was a false statement. The picture of the problem was not taken on the day, but it was acknowledged that Lee Jae-myeong and Kim Moon-ki played golf together during the business trip. The court said that the defendants who heard Lee Jae-myeong's statement would have accepted it in the sense that the two people didn't play overseas golf together. Lee Jae-myeong's statement was a false statement. Lee Jae-myeong's statement was not accepted in the sense that the two people didn't play golf together. The argument related to Baek Hyun-dong's use of land was a threat. Baek Hyun-dong, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. Seongnam-si, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. Seongnam-si, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. Seongnam-si, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. Seongnam-si, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. Seongnam-si, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. Seongnam-si, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, where there was a Korean food researcher. The representative of the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry said that the Ministry of Land Purchase and Solar Power had sent the conversation asking for cooperation in the land use and change of land in the treatment and sale process. But, the Ministry of Land Purchase and Solar Power said that the conversation was about the issue that Seongnam-si would decide on its own. In 2014, the Ministry of Land Purchase and Solar Power sent a cooperative statement to 28 organizations, not just Seongnam. I'm sending it to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. For the development of the national land balance, we need to have a local public organization, but the local governments ask for cooperation. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport is sending it. Lee Jae-myeong claims that this is a threat. The court said that the former Sungnam City and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport did not threaten. Lee Jae-myeong said that the decision was made by the Sungnam City and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. The standard of criminal prosecution for false facts is a fine of less than 10 months or a fine of 2 million won to 8 million won. If the lie is spread and a big influence is made by the judge, the maximum sentence will be extended to 2 years. The court said that Lee Jae-myeong's statement is an important issue regarding the ability and quality of the candidates for the presidential election, and that the broadcast was used as a medium to increase the spread and distribution. Lee Jae-myeong's representative submitted a complaint. Can you say that the mayor of the province, who is living under the budget of the central government, received 11 public questions, but did not receive psychological pressure? Is it such a high-profile lie that the psychological pressure was expressed as a threat? The prosecution also sued for false facts, legal misunderstandings, and corruption. Lee Jae-myeong believes that it will be an important issue to see where the points of the golf and the speech will be taken and whether there will be new evidence for the threatening speech of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. If this judgment is maintained until the Supreme Court, President Lee Jae-myeong will not only lose his position as a member of the House of Representatives, but also return more than 40 billion won to the Democratic Party. The biggest variable is that Lee Jae-myeong may not be able to participate in the election for the next 10 years. So there is no choice but to be interested in the 20-30 trial. Isn't there only a trial of the election law violation case left? Yes, there are five trials that Lee Jae-myeong is receiving. It is the reason why the case is called a false investigation, and the prosecution is against it. During the last presidential election, when a report came out that Kim Man-bae, who was a lawyer and a developer at Daejang-dong, had bought his father's house, the former professor of honor, President Yoon Seok-ryul immediately explained that he had no personal acquaintance with Kim. It doesn't make sense that I don't know, but I don't have any personal acquaintances. The prosecution was charged with the violation of the election law, but the prosecution denied that his acquaintance was only an evaluation or opinion. It is said that there was no evidence that President Yoon had a perception of falsehood. Kim said that he was lost because of the German motors stock. But in the data from the Korean Exchange, which the prosecution submitted to the court, the profit of Kim's mother-in-law was written as 2.3 billion won. This part is currently suspended from the prosecution due to the president's false privilege, and the prosecution has not yet made a conclusion. President Yoon's wife, Kim Gun-hee, was sentenced to life imprisonment for the German motors stock manipulation or the Dior back surgery. Kim's wife, Kim Hye-kyung, was sentenced to life imprisonment for the crime of treating a 100,000 won meal with a public card to six members of the parliament, and was sentenced to 1.5 million won in prison. If you have to lose your money and even get a criminal conviction, this is nothing but political welfare. If someone is subject to the law, and if someone is subject to the law, it is not legal. The prosecution is claiming that the president of the party is spreading a false investigation while applying a generous measure to President Yoon. Only 12 prosecutors were involved in the election law violation case, and after hundreds of hands-on investigations, the Daejang-dong Future Development Special Committee, Baekhyun-dong Development Special Committee, Seongnam FC Illegal Support Fund Commission, and Ssangbang-ul Daebuk Payment Incident, etc. have repeatedly sued the president. Currently, the Legislative Council of the People's Republic of Korea has introduced a law that prohibits the investigation of evidence and the prohibition of prosecution. In order to punish certain people, it is prohibited to continue to investigate the case, and it is a law that punishes the prosecution for manipulating evidence or extraditing the application of law. The Legislative Council of the People's Republic of Korea has introduced a law that prohibits the investigation of evidence or extraditing the application of law. The Legislative Council of the People's Republic of Korea has introduced a law that prohibits the investigation of evidence or extraditing the application of law. The prosecution's special activity budget budget, which was pointed out to be opaque, has also been deleted. The prosecution's special activity budget, which was pointed out to be opaque, has also been deleted. The prosecution's special activity budget, which was pointed out to be opaque, has also been deleted. The case of Kim Geon-hee, who was involved in the German Motor's The case of Kim Geon-hee, who was involved in the German Motor's It is a clear violation of the right to enter into the law to get rid of the sin of the president of the party, or to lower the sentence. This representative's official election law violation of the second trial has even issued a trial delay prevention Tf. I think it's very unusual as a person who has never been to the court. How did you come to the trial? Announce the actual situation to the public. Because the legalization of politics is so everyday, even the politicalization of the law is shown. Now, no matter what the court's decision comes out, it is necessary to interpret it all politically and see the separation, and in the end, it will fundamentally threaten our democracy. I think it should be a common effort to prevent it from going this far. The Democratic Party has announced the response of the party to this representative's trial. Tomorrow, Lee Jae-myeong's one-time election of the Wijin case was scheduled. This representative said that he was accused of falsely accusing the former KBS PD of falsely accusing the prosecutor during the trial. I didn't do anything in falsely accusing the prosecutor. I was accused of helping the PD since he was interviewing next to him. The prosecutor said that this statement was a false fact and that it was a violation of the election law, but the Supreme Court declared it innocent. However, last year, the prosecution brought this case up again. While investigating the Daejang-dong case, Lee Jae-myeong claimed that he asked the former KBS PD, the key witness of the election law trial, to testify. I think it would be very helpful if you could talk about it as a whole from the point of view of our mayor. Please think about it. I'll send you a complaint letter. Lee Jae-myeong also posted the recording file on his SNS and asked for his memory to be rewritten. He said that he had never asked for a false testimony. It was a false accusation. It's unfair. Didn't he say that it was a false fact? I've been in court for two years. It was also the Korean Ministry of Justice that finally found its place after a brief trial. Last Tuesday, the prosecution filed a complaint against Lee Jae-myeong. He claimed that he used a total of 100 million won to pay for food such as beef and sushi when he used a private car. As a result, Lee Jae-myeong was sentenced to five sentences. Prosecutor Yoon Seok-yeol made another excuse following a false accusation against the former KBS PD, the key witness of the election law trial. It is a trick to lock up a political leader who receives overwhelming support from the people as the first representative of the party. The reality of the so-called legal risk that has been raised since he held the power in 2022. Choi Min-hee, who is classified as a pro-democracy party, said that he would kill if the pro-democracy party moved. Han Dong-heon, who continued his criticism of the presidential office until recently, is raising the frequency of comments on Lee Jae-myeong's trial. Lee Jae-myeong, the trial has begun to be elected one by one. This is the expected result. The people of Korea have a strong consensus that they should punish the false facts in the election process as a heavy crime. The negative evaluation of the president exceeds 70%, and the leader of the ruling party, who is in power, is at the brink of a legal risk. The Korean politics is falling back into the fog. The conflict between the two parties, the conflict between supporters, will grow. In the end, I think it will be important to see how much the middle ground can be expanded. Thank you for listening to reporter Lim Sang-jae. I can only say that I ran away from school. I was frustrated because I didn't know what to do when I was suffering. I'm really sorry I couldn't protect you. My baby who has been waiting for 5 years for marriage. I grew up like those parents, but I can't believe the reality that I have to let go like this. In the next life, I hope you will be born as a mother's son and give your mother a lot of joy and love. Teacher, please love your children as much as you want in heaven and have a happy life. Last October, another teacher died. This is Kim Dong-wook, a 4th-year special teacher who taught disabled students in an elementary school in Incheon. A special class is a class set up in elementary and middle school so that even students with disabilities can receive education without discrimination. You have to complete a related major to become a special teacher. Next, I will talk about the problem of a special education site that has been revealed as the death of a young teacher. Choi Kyung-jae is here. I heard that Professor Kim Dong-wook has been calling for a lot of trouble around him since this year. Yes, Straight got the consent of his family who sympathized with the difficulties faced by special teachers and decided to reveal Dong-wook's name. It is known that Professor Kim has been suffering from silence since March, when his class became a private class. In 2021, Mr. Kim Dong-wook, who started his job as a special teacher in Haksan Elementary School and started his life as a teacher, He enjoyed impersonation and gave laughter to his colleagues. He was the youngest teacher who filmed a video of singing for special students during the break. He was very bright and kind. When I was with him, he was a person who made people around me angry. There were no teachers or colleagues who didn't like anyone. That was the attitude towards children. I think it was always like that. He couldn't refuse the request of his parents to come to the front of the house and ask for an education guide. He was also a teacher who was followed by disabled students. On October 24, he was found hiding in a private room near the school. What happened to Dong-wook? Until last year, there were seven special education students in Haksan Elementary School. There are six special classes in law. There are four students per teacher. So two special teachers took charge of each class and ran two classes. However, at the beginning of this year, when six students became graduates and graduates, the Incheon City Education Agency reduced the number of special education classes to one class. In March and May, the number of special education students increased to eight, but they did not distribute them. The number of students increased, but more than two special teachers were left alone. In particular, four out of eight students were suffering from severe disabilities who were concerned about self-harming or harming. At that time, if you look at the class scene, students were screaming and biting the edges of the desk all the time. There were situations where it was not easy to control. In September, a student's arm was caught and his back was bent and he was wearing a bandage, and there is a record that his face was hit with his feet. Only after a long period of overworked schoolwork, he was able to stand on his feet. He was able to stand on his feet for a long time. There is also a record that his face was hit with his feet. Only after a long period of overworked schoolwork, he was treated 52 times with injuries and muscle pain. It's twice as much as two years ago. Even in this situation, he had to take 29 classes a week. There were more than 8 hours in total than the average attendance of elementary school teachers. If you don't take a break once, you'll get 29 mistakes. During the day, it was full of children's classes all week. It means that he took almost 6 classes a day alone against special education students who are difficult to control. Here, he had to take special students who went to regular classes. Early in the morning, a special student's parents sent a Kakaotalk message to Professor Kim. They asked him to tell him to put a vest in his bag so that he could wear it when he was active. The only teacher who could communicate with his children and doctors at school was Professor Dongwook, a special teacher. But the only teacher who knew that was Professor Dongwook. There was no place to communicate. There were a lot of work to do before and after class. This year, Professor Kim wrote 147 works. He was the most popular elementary school teacher. He told his classmates that he had to go to school early and write a plan. He said, I'm still crying. I don't know when I'll finish writing the plan. It was hard to say that he was a living person. A task that was exposed to physical and mental limitations. Dongwook, who was obedient to his classmates' advice, was eventually found dead. I said I was going to get sick. I told him to use the hospital. The teacher said, then what about my kids? He said it was that. The garden on the roof of the school, which he had been saving for a long time, lost its owner. I heard that children's emotions and things like this help a lot. So I brought a lot of the garden. It's so hot, but I'm going out alone in the sun. Isn't it too hard? Sweating. I said, brother, this is the only pleasure I have now. I live because of this. I remember talking like that. Students lost their teacher who understood them. I miss you a lot. Where did Dong-wook Kim go? He said that alone at home. The reason why STRAY T raised this issue. I'm telling you that it's absolutely not to blame certain educational officials, parents, or students. I think we need to look at the structural problem. In the special education world, there is even the saying that it is a predicted tragedy and social death. We looked at the structural problems of the special education scene. At the end of February, Dong-wook posted a message on the KakaoTalk chat room with his acquaintances. After six legal officials, the class was reduced to one, and when the education office assigned another special student, he was frustrated with the arrangement of the class. Dong-wook said that he heard that the other school had 33 special students, so he should be quiet. He asked the education office to return the special education class to two classes with his parents, and it was also known that he had heard that the application period had passed. In March, he asked the special teacher to be placed temporarily. But he was rejected. It was because of the self-standard that only three or more special students were assigned to the class. In Incheon, there were more than 90 special teachers who could be assigned immediately. Instead, the education office sent a budget that could hire students with disabilities. From recruitment notice to document confirmation. Unlike the intention, the administrative work has increased. The best thing is not to send three people, but to send one teacher. After Dong-wook died, the Incheon Education Office divided the special class into two classes and assigned additional special teachers. The application for special education is increased from one to two times a year, and the method of placing temporary teachers according to legal standards has also begun to be reviewed in private classes. Special teachers who are suffering from silence. It is not a special problem only for Haksan Elementary School and Incheon City Education Office. Kim Tae-jung, a ten-year special teacher working in an elementary school in Seoul. She is also in charge of the class consisting of seven middle school students. Jung Won-hwa, an elementary school special teacher in Gyeonggi-do, installed a dot block for visually impaired people, and was also in charge of the installation work for old people and pregnant women. She said that when a word such as special or disability enters, it becomes a job of a special teacher without considering the personality. There were times when I had to go on a business trip to school during class time. I also had the experience of taking the five-story building all over the school with a good angle. When do you prepare for class? I didn't have time to prepare for class, so I always went home after 9 o'clock. This year, the number of special education students has increased by 21% compared to four years ago. It is 115,610. In the meantime, the number of special education students has increased by 17%. One out of ten special education classes is now in a state of overwork. However, it is always in a disadvantageous position in evaluation. In Korea, there are 46 schools in the country that have entered through the national special teacher foundation. One school applied lower values than regular teachers, teachers, and private teachers to special teachers in the difficulty of life guidance. In addition, the lowest value has been applied to special teachers in the field of administrative work. There were many schools that did not recognize the various guidance and intervention work of special teachers as achievements. Since the private evaluation is based on the details of the teachers, a small number of special teachers in the school are taking advantage of it. I always got the lowest grade. The only time I got the highest grade in a regular school was when 13 children were taking care of me. Most of the teachers are still suffering. The number of special teachers who have left the school for three years has increased from 88 to 159. I want to work with a fair evaluation. This voice was the only way to be ignored under the praise of an angel. One of the words that special teachers hate the most is the word angel. You're doing such a thing. You're really nice. You're an angel. You think that's a discriminatory approach. The disabled student is also an equal student. The special education system that demands sacrifices of teachers by recognizing the affection for students has now reached its limit. I'd like to thank everyone for their hard work. Thank you for watching.